[Music]
want that chiseled jawline
then start working out your face you can
do this by opening and closing your
mouth
yawning and doing chin lifts just don't
do too many at once
another great exercise is saying your
vowels it only works if you really
exaggerate the sounds
and move your mouth around a whole bunch
that all definitely fire up your jaw
muscles
try to touch the tip of your nose with
the tip of your tongue
this flexes your jaw muscles and helps
shape your face
especially if you do it a couple of
times a day not that many people can
actually do it
but that doesn't matter just get as
close as you can
put your chin on the top of your fist
and press down into it not too hard
though
hold this position for about 30 seconds
then release
try to do it about five times a day
stick your jaw out and start moving it
in circles
start off clockwise then after 20
seconds switch to counter-clockwise
then put your index finger on your jaw
socket near your earlobes
and open and close your mouth the usual
way the whole thing takes one minute
try to do it about 10 times a day
[Music]
smiling helps you get a defined jawline
too smile as
big as you can then make a blank face
repeat that a bunch probably best to do
this one at home
as a bonus this exercise raises your
cheekbones
and makes you look younger and more
cheerful
making funny faces is a great face and
neck workout
the best one the fish all you have to do
is make a fish face
and hold it for eight seconds take a few
seconds rest
then repeat it you can do it about four
times in just one minute
now let's change the mood up a bit you
know how when you get angry
you clench your jaw well good news for
all you grumps out there
that can actually help you tighten your
jawline
eating a more healthy diet can help too
extra fat gets stored all over your body
including your face and neck that can
make your jaw look
less chiseled eat more fruit and veggies
does that idea make you angry well that
works too
cut down on carbs and processed foods
try to eat more foods that are rich in
vitamin c
like oranges vitamin c helps build
collagen
the stuff that keeps your skin looking
good you also should think about cutting
down on all those salty snacks
too much salt messes with your muscles
and skin and can make the skin around
your jaw
lose its color and get a bit too loose
give yourself a face and jaw massage
it's easy
just rub your jaw with your index finger
and thumb for about 30 seconds
use both hands and start with your
fingers on your chin
then rub them along your jaw and up to
your ear
over time this will make your skin
naturally tighter
and don't forget to massage your jaw
socket it can help make that clicking
sound a bit softer
just remember to cut your nails before
you do this one
don't spend all your time on your jaw
muscles your jaw bones need help too
one way of strengthening your jawbone is
to make sure you have enough calcium in
your diet
it's not just milk and cheese you can
get tons of calcium from
seeds beans and nuts if you want a
chisel jaw
try to drink a bit less than a gallon of
water a day
sounds like a lot but it's only like six
big glasses
it'll flush toxins out of your body
fewer toxins
means your skin will look amazing and
your job will be super grateful
another activity that's super important
is getting enough sleep
so make sure you get eight hours of
sleep daily you'll feel more refreshed
so you'll actually have the energy to do
all those face exercises i mentioned
plus it'll help your skin stay elastic
and strong
a great piece of jaw muscle workout
equipment is sugar-free gum
the gum's for your job the sugar freeze
for your teeth
chewing gum gives your face muscles a
real workout just try not to always chew
on the same side
you wouldn't only lift weights with the
same hand all the time
would you keeping those teeth and gums
nice and clean
is essential for healthy jawbones too
brushing flossing going to the dentist
all that good stuff your teeth are
connected to your jaw bone
so keep them healthy now let's get to
the part where we use
magic well if you have a beard you can
use it to hide any floppy skin
a well-maintained beard can make your
jaw pop and look really sharp
but you don't need a full beard to
obtain the illusion of a perfect jawline
even a little bit of stubble provides
that stylish edge
to highlight your jaw a goatee can work
too
but those went out about 10 years ago so
again don't spend a whole year
experimenting with different beards
just download an app that lets you do it
virtually that way you can ask the
barber for
exactly what you want or just do it at
home
you can buy an electric beard trimmer
pretty much anywhere for about 30 bucks
or you can use the magical powers of
makeup
grab that makeup brush and go to town a
new hairstyle can help transform your
jawline
short long bangs every haircut is going
to make your face look a little
different
the great news is that you can download
an app and try on different hairstyles
just by uploading your photo
different shirts or sweaters can make a
big difference too
the best idea experiment in front of a
mirror
v-neck turtleneck regular neck scarf no
scarf
every style going to change the way your
neck and jaw looks
don't know what hairstyle or clothes can
help your jaw look strong and sculpted
well try wearing pink pants a pink shirt
and hat no one's even gonna notice that
jawline
didn't have time for any of that stuff
just make sure you brush up on your
selfie technique
that perfect jawline is just a click
away
squeeze your abs and pull your shoulders
down a bit
that'll make your neck look longer and
will help make the skin
around your jaw look nice and tight
remember to keep your face
turned towards the light and keep your
chin down
you do not want your neck to have a chin
shadow on it
make your eyes a bit bigger than normal
that'll help stretch the skin around
your face too
take your selfies outside or near a
window it'll make your skin seem more
fresh and defined
if you're indoors try standing on a
light-colored surface
that'll add light under your jaw and
make it pop
take your selfies at an angle that's
going to make your jaw seem more defined
and make your neck look thinner and the
big one
energy people the more energy and
emotion you have when you're taking
selfies
the more your bone structure will burst
through your skin giving you more
defined jaw bones
cheeks foreheads etc when you're washing
your face first thing in the morning
don't use just any old soap hand soap is
pretty strong
because your hands have tough thick skin
use a face soap that's softer
and will help your skin look fresh use a
face cream on your face and neck
and apply it in an upward sweeping
motion just remember
the bottle should say face on it no hand
cream please
if you're into the whole non-chemical
thing there are loads of natural
products that will help your skin stay
elastic and healthy coconut oil avocado
aloe vera milk honey the list goes on
forever
if you've got some money lying around
send it to me no
you can pick up a chin applicator they
attach to your chin
and give your jaw a boost they make them
with collagen
caffeine and vitamins one of those is
bound to work right
want to buy yourself a present how about
one of those hand-held
face massagers that burn fat and promote
better circulation they're about 30
bucks online